Welcome back. In the last lesson, we decoded
the first five seller questions.
Now we'll finish the set with questions six
through ten, then tie the whole thing back
to how you sound on a real call.
Do I need to make any repairs?
This is huge for a lot of sellers, especially
ones who know their house is in rough
shape. Tell them no. Zero repairs.
We buy properties in any condition.
That's the whole point.
They can leave the place exactly as it is.
Are there any fees or commissions?
They want to know what the real number is.
Are you going to hit them with something
later?
The answer is no. No fees, no commissions,
no closing costs on their end.
The offer number is what they walk away with
at closing, period.
What happens after I sign?
They're nervous about the unknown.
What happens between saying yes and actually
getting a check?
Walk them through it. The transaction team
handles everything from there.
Title work, any inspections, closing
logistics.
They'll know what's happening at each step.
On closing day, they sign the final paperwork
and get their money, usually the same day
or the day after.
Can I stay in the house after selling?
Some sellers need the cash but aren't ready
to move immediately.
Tell them it's something you can discuss.
It's called a leaseback where they'd stay in
the home for a set period after closing,
usually for a small monthly amount.
The acquisition team works out the
specifics.
You're just confirming it's possible.
What if I change my mind?
They're scared of being locked in.
Tell them the contract has an inspection period
built in, which gives both sides time to
review everything. Nothing is final until
both parties are comfortable, and you'd never
want them to move forward unless they feel
genuinely good about it.
Reduce the fear of saying yes.
The thing that ties all of these together is
that you're not performing.
You're not delivering lines.
You're talking to another person who needs
information to make a big decision, and
you're giving them that information clearly
and honestly.
If you can do that while sounding like a
real human being and not a recorded message,
you'll handle any question that comes your
way.
Practice saying these answers out loud until
they feel natural.
Say them to yourself in the car.
Say them to your dog. Say them in the mirror
if you have to.
The point is that when a seller asks one of
these questions on a live call, you don't
hesitate. You just answer, the way you'd
explain it to a friend who asked.
Alright, next up, the follow-up game where
most of the money actually gets made.